good morning there Isabelle it's David
here from West Point nissen down at
Indra pili just giving you a video tour
of our 2005 nissen patrol stl now I'll
give you a good shot around the outside
here first as you can see it's actually
got a genuineness and alloy bull bar and
you've got the two spotlights there now
it's got the genuine patrol bonnet
protector here as you can see all in
very very good condition now give you a
good shot of the bonnet as well as you
can see the paint work on this car is in
immaculate Nick now we'll just come down
the side here and I'll show you again
the passenger side here first as you can
see on the front guard they're all in
good Nick I mean the white doesn't look
like it's faded at all you've got the
sidestep there on the patrol this guy's
actually fitted with a darkest legal
tint all around as well now give you a
good shot of the tire condition as I
mentioned they got the Bridgestone
jeweler's they're nice and wide and got
perfect tread on on there now I'll just
run down the side here as you can see
the the body lines very straight they
come down here again it's got there the
same Bridgestone jeweler's all around
and again the tread they're in very good
condition now I'll just pop around to
the rear now as you can see it's
actually got the weather shield on the
rear there and you've actually got the
prorack roof racks as well now I just
open the boot to give you a good shot in
the boot as you can see the rear there
in very good condition there you
actually got your power output just
there as you can see the leathers in a
very good Nick same as on the side this
the underside of one of the seats a
quick look I'll just pop round out here
as you can see the rear bar no scuff
marks either all in very good condition
we've actually got a genuineness and
Tobar fitted there as well now and just
close this up as you can see there
you've got the genuineness and patrol
hardly a toy tire cover there on the
rear as you can see just give you a good
shot of the rear there now just come up
on the driver side here and give you a
good shot around as well as you can see
the paint works in very good Nick
just run down the side here again the
cotton tire conditional around excellent
now just pop into the passenger side
first to give you a good shot of the
rear as you can see the letters just in
impeccable condition here it's
definitely a credit to the previous
owner as you can see there's no stains
rips or tears at all it's actually got
the floor mats fitted as well here and
you've got your rear air con controls in
the stl you also get your ducted air
coming back here if you can see that up
on the roof now you've got the power
options here as well on the rear for
your windows now let me just jump into
the driver's side a good thing about
this car here it's actually got two keys
and two remotes for the vehicle as well
you've got your floor mats in here we
just slide in now it's actually got a
pioneer CD player as well you've also
got your factory one fitted there for
them now we'll just come around the
inside as you can see I'll just pull the
books up so you can see the seats as I
mentioned the leathers just in perfect
condition now just run through the
service books with you as well as I
mentioned on the phone it's got great
excellent service issue i should say
yeah we've got one done here at the
10,000 there by oily down in orange as i
mentioned and you've got the twenty
thousand kilometer one done at dubbo
service center day at 21 906 and then
we've got the the redland bay one here
up in queens in done at 26,000 case if
we switch over here it's done again at
the redland tie combo thing they're up
here in Queensland at 30,000 and then
we've got the next one at 35,000 there
the next one done at double-a must have
gone back down there at 41 1 to 1 over
here the next one at red limit 46,000 so
they're doing it nearly every 5000 case
years ago which is a good song which
means they've done it on time there yeah
there's done it 52,000 so it's done at
55,000 here for redland then we got the
58,000 here done at rev 163 done here
redlin something we've done the 69,000 k
here at redland that's done the 73,000 k
here really has a final service done on
the vehicle and the next service isn't
too until 80,000 kilometers now I'll
just give you a good shot of the dash as
you can see the boot and everything's in
a very good nick there you got your
aerial up and down option as well this
guy's actually fitted with aftermarket
cruise control which isn't an option on
their nests and patrols now I'll just
fire up for you as you can see there on
the dash it's got 17 8475 kilometers
I'll just pop under the hood for you
there is about to give you a good look
under the motor as well
sport
a bit tricky holding the phone and doing
it at the same time as you can see here
3 litre turbo diesel motor
to them
as you can see under the hood it's just
in perfect condition
yeah as well that actually concludes my
video tour of our 2005 miss and patrol
stl now going to shoot this video tour
off to you and I'll hear from you soon
bye